[Radar] Add Radar api docs (#6577)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/radar/investigate/application-layer-attacks.md

{{<Aside type="note" header="Mitigated Traffic">}}
Mitigated Traffic is any eyeball HTTP request that had a “terminating” action applied to by the Cloudflare platform. These include actions like BLOCK or CHALLENGE (such as captchas or JavaScript based challenges).
 {{</Aside>}}

Since we're looking at attacks, we can look at both sides of an attack, the source location of the attack and the target location of the attack. For the source of the attack, the location associated with the IP, that the attack is coming from, is used (take into account that the human orchestrator of the attack may be in a different location than the computer the attack is originating from). For the target location of the attacks, we're using the billing location associated with the zone under attack.

This ability to filter by both sides of the attack is only available in the `top locations` endpoints. Others, unless otherwise specified, are filtering by _source_ location, i.e. the origin location of the attack.

With regards to attacks magnitude, it's defined by the total number of mitigated requests unless otherwise specified.

> Like in [HTTP requests](/radar/investigate/http-requests), these endpoints can be split into the ability to fetch a timeseries, a single value summarizing the entire date range, and a list of top locations.

Author: There 3 kinds of endpoints: timeseries, summary and top. This would make summary part of the timeseries endpoint which is incorrect.

Reviewer: Oh. Noted. Deleting

     -H "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"
```

Looking at the abbreviated response below, we see that DDoS makes up the majority of the requests (which makes sense since by the very nature of this attack type it will perform more requests), followed by WAF and then by IP Reputation.

```json
{
	"success": true,
	"errors": [],
	"result": {
		"attacks": {
			"timestamps": ["2022-11-05T11:00:00Z", ".."],
			"ddos": ["53.824302", "54.305823",  ".."],
			"waf": ["39.760956", "39.31228",  ".."],
			"ip_reputation": ["5.623487", "5.485468",  ".."],
			"access_rules": ["0.648368", "0.676456",  ".."],
			"bot_management": ["0.139733", "0.217155",  ".."],
			"api_shield": ["0.003154", "0.002819",  ".."],
			"data_loss_prevention": ["0.0", "0.0",  ".."]
		},
		"meta": {
			"dateRange": {
				"startTime": "2022-11-05T11:00:00Z",
				"endTime": "2022-11-06T11:00:00Z"
			},
		}
	}
}
```

For more information refer to the [API reference](https://api.cloudflare.com/#radar-attacks-get-layer-7-attacks-by-mitigation-technique-over-time) for this endpoint.

## Summary

> ### Example: Great Britain - overall percentage breakdown by attack mitigation product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example: Mitigation requests by product
```

> We can also filter by _source_ location and look at attacks coming _from_ Great Britain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also filter by source location and examine attacks coming from a specific place - in the following example, we examine attacks coming from Great Britain:
```

```bash
curl -X GET "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/radar/attacks/layer7/summary?location=GB&name=attacks_gb&aggInterval=1h&dateRange=1d&format=json" \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"
```

```json
"attacks_gb": {
  "waf": "75.012138",
  "ddos": "18.539149",
  "ip_reputation": "5.721021",
  "access_rules": "0.592515",
  "bot_management": "0.131998",
  "api_shield": "0.003178",
  "data_loss_prevention": "0.0"
}
```

> This can read as, 75% of all mitigated requests coming from Great Britain were mitigated by the [WAF](/waf) product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This response means that 75% of all mitigated requests coming from Great Britain were mitigated by the [WAF](/waf/) product.
```

> For more information refer to the [API reference](https://api.cloudflare.com/#radar-attacks-get-a-summary-of-layer-7-attacks) for this endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information refer to [Get a summary of layer 7 attacks](https://api.cloudflare.com/#radar-attacks-get-a-summary-of-layer-7-attacks).
```

## Top

> ### Example: Top target locations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example: Top target locations
```

> Let's look at the top locations being targeted in application layer attacks, in the last 24 hours:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, we will examine the top locations being targeted in application layer attacks, in the last 24 hours:
```

```bash
curl -X GET "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/radar/attacks/layer7/top/locations/target?name=attacks_target&limit=5&dateRange=1d&format=json" \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"
```

```json
{
	"success": true,
	"errors": [],
	"result": {
		"attacks_target": [{
			"targetCountryName": "Belgium",
			"targetCountryAlpha2": "BE",
			"value": "18.536740",
			"rank": 1
		}, {
			"targetCountryName": "United States",
			"targetCountryAlpha2": "US",
			"value": "16.116210",
			"rank": 2
		}, {
			"targetCountryName": "China",
			"targetCountryAlpha2": "CN",
			"value": "13.864696",
			"rank": 3
		}, {
			"targetCountryName": "India",
			"targetCountryAlpha2": "IN",
			"value": "4.344139",
			"rank": 4
		}, {
			"targetCountryName": "Germany",
			"targetCountryAlpha2": "DE",
			"value": "4.182777",
			"rank": 5
		}],
		"meta": {
			"dateRange": {
				"startTime": "2022-11-05T12:00:00Z",
				"endTime": "2022-11-06T12:00:00Z"
			},
		}
	}
}
```

> Mitigated requests to zones with a billing address located in Belgium make up about 18% of all mitigated requests, during the specified date range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the specified date range, mitigation requests to zones with a billing address located in Belgium represent 18%.
```

> For more information refer to the [API reference](https://api.cloudflare.com/#radar-attacks-get-layer-7-top-target-locations) for this endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information refer to [Get layer 7 top target locations](https://api.cloudflare.com/#radar-attacks-get-layer-7-top-target-locations).
```

> ### Example: Top attacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example: Top attacks
```

Which source-target location pairs constitute the biggest attacks in the last 24 hours?

How big an attack is, or the attack magnitude, can be defined by the number of mitigated requests (the default) or by the number of total zones under attack.

```bash
curl -X GET "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/radar/attacks/layer7/top/attacks?limit=5&dateRange=1d&magnitude=MITIGATED_REQUESTS&format=json" \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A typical response will be similar to the following:

```

```
[{
  "originCountryName": "United States",
  "originCountryAlpha2": "US",
  "targetCountryName": "United States",
  "targetCountryAlpha2": "US",
  "value": "3.790724",
  "rank": 1
}, {
  "originCountryName": "United States",
  "originCountryAlpha2": "US",
  "targetCountryName": "Belgium",
  "targetCountryAlpha2": "BE",
  "value": "3.602177",
  "rank": 2
}, {
  "originCountryName": "China",
  "originCountryAlpha2": "CN",
  "targetCountryName": "Netherlands",
  "targetCountryAlpha2": "NL",
  "value": "3.017341",
  "rank": 3
}, {
  "originCountryName": "China",
  "originCountryAlpha2": "CN",
  "targetCountryName": "China",
  "targetCountryAlpha2": "CN",
  "value": "2.472068",
  "rank": 4
}, {
  "originCountryName": "Indonesia",
  "originCountryAlpha2": "ID",
  "targetCountryName": "China",
  "targetCountryAlpha2": "CN",
  "value": "2.056729",
  "rank": 5
}]
```

> This can be read as, 3.79% of all mitigated requests are from and to the US, 3.6% of all mitigated requests are from the US to Belgium, etc. This is using attack magnitude as the sum of mitigated requests, we could instead use another metric, the number of unique zones attacked by using `attack_magnitude=AFFECTED_ZONES`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that 3.79% of all mitigated requests are from and to the US, 3.6% of all mitigated requests are from the US to Belgium, etc.. 

This response came from a query that is using attack `magnitude` as the sum of mitigated requests. To use the number of unique zones attacked as the metric, for example, use `attack_magnitude=AFFECTED_ZONES`.
```

> For more information refer to the [API reference](https://api.cloudflare.com/#radar-attacks-get-layer-7-top-attack-pairs-origin-and-target-locations) for this endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information refer to [Get layer 7 top attack pairs](https://api.cloudflare.com/#radar-attacks-get-layer-7-top-attack-pairs-origin-and-target-locations-).
```

## Next steps

> {{<button-group>}}
>   {{<button type="primary" href="/radar/investigate/network-layer-attacks">}}Investigate network layer attacks{{</button>}}
>   {{<button type="secondary" href="/radar/investigate">}}Investigate others{{</button>}}
> {{</button-group>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Network layer attacks](/radar/investigate/network-layer-attacks/) for more information on data on layer 3 of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model.
```

Reviewer: We don't have buttons or button groups for Next steps. Feel free to edit my suggestion, though
